Avoiding po4a mishaps with lines starting with a "*" (smoe:documentation_20250309) (#3373)
LinuxCNC/linuxcnc: docs/src/man/man9/sampler.9.adoc

== DESCRIPTION

> The HAL components *sampler* and **halsampler**(1) are used together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HAL component *sampler* and the program **halsampler**(1) are used together
```
